We made it.
SERENA
'Laverre City.'
Alright.
Let's get to the Gym now.
[EXCITED]
You're really ready
to move, huh?
You bet I am.
If I can beat the Laverre Gym
Leader
I'm gonna win
my sixth Gym badge.
Two more, then the Kalos League.
Um‐hm. Then let's hurry.
The Gym is that way.
Awesome.
Serena's ready to move, too.
You're that excited to see
a Gym battle?
SERENA
'Of course.'
'I'll be able to meet Valerie.'
‐ Huh?
‐ Who's Valerie?
‐ Look. Ta‐da.
Here she is. Isn't she great?
BONNIE
'Wow. Her clothes are so cute.'
SERENA 'That outfit is
one of her creations.'
'You see, Valerie is a famous
fashion designer.'
'Isn't that amazing?'
And she has her very own store
in the Laverre City Gym.
Hold on. Are you telling me
what I think you are?
SERENA 'Right. She's the Laverre
Gym Leader as well.'
Ha‐ha. What do you know.
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're
up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a Hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hands ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A Fashionable Battle."
NARRATOR Our heroes have arrived
in Laverre City
where Ash will battle
for his sixth Kalos Gym badge.
Now that they know the Gym
Leader Valerie is also
a fashion designer, what kind
of opponent will she be?
Ah. Ta‐da.
It's the Laverre Gym.
‐ 'Whoa.'
‐ 'It's huge.'
[gasping]
Wow, I finally get to meet
Valerie.
There's so much I wanna ask her
about the world of fashion.
Do you mind if I visit her store
after your Gym battle?
‐ Of course not.
‐ Hurray.
Okay, Pikachu, let's go.
[DETERMINED]
Is anybody here?
[clamoring]
Huh?
Do you think I should
take this outfit now?
We'd better hurry,
or we'll be late.
Go ahead and take that package.
And all the accessories, too.
What's going on?
They all seem really busy
with something.
Ah. They're all wearing
Valerie's designs.
They're so adorable.
SAWYER 'Please.
I have to have a Gym battle.'
No matter what.
I'm very sorry.
You see, the Laverre Gym
is closed
because we're having
an event here today.
There's really nothing I can do.
‐ Aw. Oh, man. Oh, man‐‐
‐ Wait, are you serious?
There's really no way
to have a battle now?
‐ Hmm?
‐ I'm terribly sorry.
Come on, please,
I came all this way.
Are you here for a battle, too?
Yeah. I guess my timing's bad.
‐ 'Hey.'
‐ Huh?
That girl's a keeper.
Please take care
of my big brother. Huh?
Uh, please, I told you to stop
this a million times.
But Clemont, she looks really,
really, really nice.
CLEMONT
'I don't need your help.'
'I can find my own girlfriend,
thank you.'
‐ 'When?'
‐ Hey.
SAWYER
'It's the Lumiose Gym Leader.'
‐ Who, me?
‐ Huh?
It's nice to meet everybody.
My name is Sawyer.
He came to challenge me
at the Lumiose Gym
not too long ago.
Yeah. And I lost.
But I really learned
a whole lot.
Nice to meet you.
My name's Ash.
This is my partner, Pikachu.
[EXCITED]
I'm Serena.
‐ This is my sister.
‐ I'm Bonnie.
And this is Dedenne.
[HAPPY]
Glad to meet you.
So if you're challenging Gyms,
how many badges do you have?
So far, one.
I really wanna get some more
battling under my belt.
So you've done well since then.
His Treecko's quite a unique
Pokémon and moves really well.
Wow, Treecko's your partner,
huh?
SAWYER 'Treecko was my very
first Pokémon.'
But we've still got
a lot of work to do.
I really wanna get stronger
and then go back and challenge
the Lumiose City Gym again.
‐ You'd be welcome anytime.
‐ Thanks.
But what are you doing here now,
Clemont?
I left the Gym
in my Clembot's able hands.
That's because I decided to
continue my journey with Ash.
Hmm?
That way,
I can get the chance to gain
valuable experience
watching Ash battle.
Uh‐huh.
Ash is really incredible.
‐ He beat Clemont, too.
‐ Really? You did?
And he's got five whole badges.
Five badges? Amazing.
I'm gonna do my very best
so I can catch up.
Uh, I've still got a way to go.
Guess my sixth gym badge will
have to wait until tomorrow.
So what do we do now?
[UNSURE]
Well, we could go to Valerie's
store first.
Good idea. Let's go.
Alright.
[chuckles]
[Serena gasps]
Wow, doesn't that outfit
look great?
[EXCITED]
It sure does.
You'd look great in it, too.
You think?
Thanks so much.
But that one's beautiful, too.
[giggling]
Those two certainly have
a lot of energy
don't you think?
They sure do.
You know, I'm really glad
they're having such a good time.
Yeah, me too.
[HAPPY]
Hmm?
Sawyer, since we can't have
our Gym battles
how about we practice some?
Hey, that would be great.
If it's alright with you,
could we have a Double Battle?
‐ I've never had one before.
‐ Sure thing.
BLOSSOM 'What do you think
of those two?'
Aren't they totally perfect?
I think they might work out.
[chuckles]
CLEMONT The Double Battle
between Ash
and Sawyer will now
begin.
Alright, I choose you two.
Now, I'm counting on you
to win this.
[DETERMINED]
Sawyer, what about you?
You'll be using Treecko,
won't you?
Yes, of course.
And the other Pokémon
is my secret weapon.
[DETERMINED]
Yup, there's Treecko.
POKEDEX Treecko.
The Wood Gecko Pokémon.
Numerous tiny spikes cover
the bottoms of Treecko's feet
allowing it to walk on
ceilings and walls.
And that other one
there is Bagon.
POKEDEX
Bagon. The Rock Head Pokémon.
Because Bagon dreams
of being able to fly
it regularly practices
by leaping from cliffs.
Alright then, battle begin.
Bagon, Headbutt.
Hawlucha, meet it head‐on
with Karate Chop.
[DETERMINED]/[KARATE CHOP MOVE]
[PAINED]
Hawlucha, you okay?
[READY]
You may have noticed my Bagon
has a really hard head.
Then check this out.
Lots of Karate Chops.
DETERMINED]
[KARATE CHOP MOVE]
[screams]
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
Whoa, Ash.
That was pretty impressive.
We keep on trying
and we never give up.
That's our battling style.
[PROUD]
I see.
Well, we don't give up either.
Treecko.
Use Leech Seed, let's go.
[LEECH SEED MOVE]
Use Fire Fang.
[DETERMINED]/[FIRE FANG MOVE]
Frogadier.
Use Water Pulse.
[DETERINED]/[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[laughs]
That was great, Frogadier.
[PROUD]
You work together perfectly.
That's what I call
real teamwork.
You've taught me a lot.
Thanks, Ash.
Hmm.
I've got it.
Wouldn't it be fun
if I wore one of those dresses
when I appear
in the Pokémon Showcase?
[EXCITED]
I think that's such a neat idea.
Ash, what do you think?
Huh?
Where's Ash?
Huh? Look, Serena, over there.
Huh?
Right. Of course,
Ash is having a battle.
What else?
That's what Ash does.
Of course.
That's our Ash.
So why don't we go over
and watch it?
‐ Mm.
‐ 'Excuse us.'
Can we talk for a minute?
‐ Huh?
Sure.
There's a little something
we'd like to speak
to the two of you about.
We hope you don't mind.
Huh?
Treecko, Bullet Seed.
[BULLET SEED MOVE]
Dodge it.
Smart choice.
Grass type moves work well
against Water types.
CLEMONT But that's only
if they make contact.
Now, use Bullet Seed
one more time.
[BULLET SEED MOVE]
Get in there, Frogadier.
It's gone. Huh?
Up there.
[SHOCKED]
Treecko, Bullet Seed.
Alright, use Cut.
[CUT MOVE]
Huh?
[SURPRISED]
[ATTACK]
[SHOCKED]
Treecko, no.
[STUNNED]
CLEMONT
'Treecko is unable to battle.'
Thanks, Treecko.
Now, take a nice rest.
‐ 'That's how Ash battles.'
‐ Huh?
Matchups don't matter,
because he always comes up
with something surprising.
We do lots of special training
and thinking on our feet.
So, then we can win,
no matter what comes up.
[AGREEMENT]
I see, so I guess that's how
you're able to battle
the way you do.
I'll make a note of this
experience.
There must be an endless number
of ways to battle.
Yup, so, Sawyer
what do you wanna do now?
I wanna keep on battling.
Bagon, let's go.
[DETERMINED]
That's the spirit.
[upbeat music playing]
Huh? Oh, hey, what's that?
[CURIOUS]
‐ Huh?
‐ What's going on?
[indistinct chattering]
VALERIE
'What should I do?'
'I get an important show,
and then this happens.'
[CONCERNED]
[WORRIED]
Thank you.
[speaking in Pokémon]
[RELIEVED]
I know I have to do my best
for all of you
and for my fans
waiting for me out there.
[HAPPY]
Ms. Valerie, please excuse me
but may we enter?
VALERIE
'Yes.'
Huh? Va...Valerie?
BONNIE
'It's her.'
BLOSSOM 'Ms. Valerie, I was
thinking of asking these two.'
Hmm?
[gasps]
Hm. They should be perfect.
Good.
Valerie, it's such an honor
to meet you.
I'm a huge fan of every one
of your fashion designs.
Really?
Why, thank you.
Aw. Of course.
BONNIE
'That girl's a keeper.'
Would you take care
of my brother?
I'm a keeper?
Ah, ah!
It's nothing. It's nothing.
‐ Bonnie, stop it.
‐ huh?
Well, you can see
how pretty Valerie is.
[chuckles]
Thank you, dear.
Aha. A Spritzee.
And a Sylveon.
[EXCITED]/[DELIGHTED]
Yes, a Dedenne.
Dedenne's a Fairy type,
just like you.
[speaking in Pokémon]
[SURPRISED]/[EXCITED]
‐ Huh?
‐ What was that?
Dedenne talk.
[HAPPY]
[chuckles]
You see, the reason I wanted you
both to come here
is I have a favor to ask of you.
That is, if you wouldn't mind.
Huh? Favor?
ASH/SERENE/BONNIE/CLEMONT
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Bagon."
[APPEARING]
[cheering]
‐ What's going on?
‐ I have no idea.
[AMAZED]
[cheering]
‐ Huh?
Ladies andgentlemen,
the time has finally come.
We will be presenting designer
extraordinaire
Valerie's newest collection.
Uh, what did she just say
they're presenting?
It's a fashion show,
displaying Ms. Valerie's
newest design collection.
Fashion show, huh?
[CONFUSED]
And it's just about to begin.
[crowd cheering]
KALI
'First, an elegant creation'
'with an Azumarill pattern.'
[gasps]
[cheering]
This stuff sure is popular.
[AGREEMENT]
[crowd cheering]
Maybe, we should tell Serena
and Bonnie about this.
‐ Uh, they're not here?
‐ And next up.
Designs featuring the beautiful
patterns of Florges
and Chingling.
[laughing]
[gasps]
‐ Serena?
‐ B‐Bonnie?
‐ Ash?
‐ Look, it's Ash.
Look, see?
Aren't I cute?
Bonnie, what in the world
are you doing?
I'm modeling, of course.
Yes, I know that,
but why are you modeling?
I had no idea Serena and Bonnie
were models.
You're travelling with
a Gym Leader and models?
I'm completely jealous.
No, not exactly.
Hey, Serena,
what's this all about?
The actual models weren't able
to make it today
and then they saw us.
So Valerie asked if we wouldn't
mind taking their places.
[cheering]
Ah. Valerie looks incredible.
She does look incredible.
That's Valerie,
the Gym Leader.
[DETERMINED]
Hi, there.
Thank you all so very much
for coming to my fashion show
today.
Every one of my latest designs
incorporates Pokémon motifs.
That's because my philosophy
has always been
'the true beauty
can be only found in nature.'
Also, all of my creations
are carefully designed to look
their absolute best,
when worn during battle.
What did she just say?
‐ 'It's finally starting.'
‐ Huh?
Huh?
That one, the boy in the front.
‐ You with the orange tie.
‐ Uh, orange tie?
‐ You want me?
‐ Yes.
‐ Will you please come this way?
‐ Huh?
Sawyer?
[WORRIED]
Uh, so what's this about?
I would like to have a battle
with you right here.
Here?
Now, of course if it turns out
that you defeat me
I'll gladly reward you
with a Gym badge.
‐ Really?
‐ Huh?
It's her custom.
Valerie does this to demonstrate
how her creations
always look their best
when worn in battle.
This is my chance.
I'll take everything
I've learned
and win that badge for sure.
And now, the battle between
Laverre Gym Leader, Valerie
and Sawyer, the challenger
will now get under way.
I'm ready to go.
This is a one‐on‐one battle.
It will be over,
when either side's Pokémon
is unable to continue.
‐ Hey, Ash.
‐ Serena.
Sawyer is going to battle
with Valerie.
Using the same rules
as a Gym battle.
Sawyer can do it for sure.
Now, Bagon, let's go.
[DETERMINED]
I wonder what Pokémon
Valerie's gonna use?
Spritzee..
...come out.
[APPEARING]
I think I know that.
POKEDEX
Spritzee. The Perfume Pokémon.
Spritzee gives off a fragrance
that delights anyone
who smells it,
which changes depending on
what Spritzee eats.
‐ This could be very bad.
‐ Huh?
What do you mean bad?
Bagon, use Dragon Breath.
[DRAGON BREATH MOVE]
Yeah. I landed the first attack.
Huh?
[HAPPY]
How can it be?
SAWYER
'I'm sure it made contact.'
[HAPPY]
[chuckles]
Ah, you see,
Spritzee is a Fairy type.
And Dragon‐type moves have
no effect at all on Fairy types.
That's right.
So that means
Bagon is in big trouble.
This is going to be
one tough battle.
Let's see. Dragon‐type moves
don't work on a Fairy type.
I'll be sure to make a note
of this experience.
‐ 'Look at Ms. Valerie.'
‐ 'So beautiful.'
It's not enough.
Not enough yet.
Not enough for my beautiful
battle.
Now, try this. Headbutt.
[HEADBUTT MOVE]
And this. A continuous Headbutt.
[HEADBUT MOVE]
Spritzee never wastes
any movement.
But how?
It dodged every single one
of them.
Now, I think that it's our
turn..
...to make this battle
beautiful.
Spritzee. Let's go.
[DETERMINED]
Don't let it get away.
‐ Headbutt.
‐ Alright.
Dazzling Gleam.
[DAZZLING GLEAM MOVE]
[crowd cheering]
[gasps]
[whimpers]
[PAINED]
Bagon, no.
KALI
'Bagon is unable to battle.'
The match goes to Gym Leader
Valerie.
[crowd cheering]
Bagon, you battled really hard.
[groans]
Hmm?
Thank you.
Hmm.
Thank you very much.
[crowd cheering]
[chuckles]
So that's the Gym Leader
I have to face.
I've got it.
SAWYER
'I learned so much today.'
I would challenge her again
for sure.
‐ That's the spirit.
‐ Good luck, Sawyer.
‐ Man, that was good.
‐ Huh?
Alright.
Time for some special training.
Ash?
I wanna be ready for my Gym
battle with Valerie.
And that's gonna be really soon.
Let's go.
[RAVENOUS]/[DETERMINED]
Hey, Ash? May I join in too?
You bet. That'd be great.
You could really help us out
a lot.
Ah. Thanks.
Hey, what's the rush?
It wouldn't hurt to take
the time for a proper meal.
Ash has trouble relaxing
when he knows
there's a strong opponent
waiting for him.
Hmm.
[chomping]
Huh?
Well, if that's the case,
I'll cheer them on.
Okay, I'm coming.
‐ Wait up.
‐ What, you, too?
Guess I'll go, too.
[chomping]
Hey, wait for me.
NARRATOR Now that Ash has
witnessed the incredible power
of Valerie the Laverre City Gym
Leader, will he be able
to defeat her and earn his
sixth Kalos Gym badge?
The answer to come
as the journey continues.